---
title: 'We are defined by the things we chose to do, and just as important by the things we chose NOT to do - a short essay about adulting'
date: 2024-04-25
permalink: /posts/2024/04/bp9
tags:
  - Adulting
  - essays
---

In the long term, our daily decisions shape who we become. Adulting (especially living away from family during early 20s) means suddenly having lots of freedom to make our own decisions. From everyday food choices to how we spend our time etc, to lifestyle choices. This is a random short essay about my current experience in adulting.

Adulting means no sure what is the right thing to do/ decision anymore
------

When you were young, decision-making was easy in the sense that you knew what the right or good decision to make was. For example, when there's an exam tomorrow, it's a good idea to study – even though we might make the bad decision (deciding to go gaming instead), but we know the choice was bad we just prefer gaming over studying this time etc. However, in adulting, things aren't that black and white. There are loads of uncertainties. It's often very hard to tell what the right choice is here and now, especially during the time when we are exploring ourselves etc. Another thing is one might not necessarily know if any particular thing is worth doing, because the reward might only come months or years later. This applies to a range of things from job to life in general.


Fk it Manchester night out this weekend or no.
------

Adulting means you get to decide how you wanna live (and what you wanna become). I went to clubbing a few months ago and it was just sooo much fun all at the same time, and from time to time I have a really strong desire to go again etc. But I know if I decided to go again it's gonna slowly change my personality and values (and prob health as well) etc forever, for good or for bad. The tricky part is I don't even know if it's a right thing to do.


An epiphany - I need to pursue a better form of happiness instead of clubbing.
------

The pursuit of happiness is prob one of the meanings of life. I had an epiphany today after struggling for quite some time about whether to go clubbing again - which is it can't be my source of happiness. I need a better and healthier form of happiness etc. I think I will try reading instead. OK maybe deep down I am still a good boy even though I tried to pretend I am a bad boy from time to time (good job mum for the upbringing)

OK only casual kids go clubbing. We professionals boy do reading/ grinding/ lectures etc instead. It's my new believes and now I feel better XD


Finding (and believing in) the guiding principles.
------

Who do you want to become in 10 years? Adulting means making (many) daily decisions, and we must have a set of guiding principles to navigate through each day. E.g. if we don't believe in the work we do every day, we will quickly become lost. Therefore, it's crucial to have a set of strong beliefs or goals. For me, I have always been a fan of intellectual pursuits; they are what drive me to work hard every day. What are your guiding principles?









