---
title: 'I might have ADHD...?'
date: 2024-04-14
permalink: /posts/2024/04/bp8
tags:
  - ADHD
  - essays
---

This idea came about a few weeks ago when I was staying at my friend's place... But the more I think about it, the more symptoms I realised I have and some past events and behaviors starting to make more sense now ...

All or nothing - no one can force me to study anything that I am not interested in.
------

Do you know I did 5 A-levels and got many A* and A in Maths and Sciences? Do you also know I am the only one in the F6 class who doesn't have a ranking back in high school? Cause I failed the Chinese subject (Needing to retake final exam and still failed lol). I was reading more into ADHD lately and this is definitely a typical symptom of ADHD, which might explain why I was so extreme from the views of others (e.g. have the abilities to do well academically but refuse to spend any effort in Chinese exam).

Or maybe I am just bold/ high-risk tolerance - who knows.

There's no middle ground - I either game all day or don't game at all.
------

We used to have this popular phrase called "rubbish teenage" back in the old days (if you know you know), and I was definitely one of them lol for a period. I mean, when I was addicted to gaming NO ONE can stop me and I can't do any work at all in those period, like not even a tiny bit. I always don't understand how people can switch between working and playing modes easily - for me it's always either I am in full productive mode with 0 gaming at all, or I am in full gaming mode with full addition and can literally do zero work for days. And I learnt this is also quite a typical symptom for ADHD ...

I must have known that at heart subconsciously was I adopted the nicotine approach I described in the early post. Otherwise I already know I would become a full time heavy smoker which is too bad for health.

The stimulus seeking brain
------

There's also another bizarre thing for me which might be explained by ADHD ... Once in a month maybe my brain just needed some stimulus, like MORE stimulus, like I need loads of them right here right now. It usually happens in the evening. I would just NEED to scroll the various social media like crazy, switching youtube and twitch and other thing etc incessantly.

Now you might call that a social media addiction, but I think my phone usage is actually below average and I put my phone in my bedroom and don't check at all when I work (which is most of the day). But onces in a while my brain just NEEDS some stimulus fix, like LOADS of them NEEDED. Is this normal lol?


I might have already learnt to co-exist successfully with ADHD without me knowing it
------

From all-or-nothing gaming/productive mode, no-middle-ground smoking policy that I set for myself, to once-in-a-while stimulus fixing day. I think I already have devised a method and successfully kept my productivity high most of the days in the month. I think I deliberately I adopted a no-middle-ground kind of life style in many aspects, which helped me keeping me focused for most of the time and be fully immersed in distractions/stimulus in a cheat day when I need the fix.





