---
title: 'GREAT NEWS!! AZ intern offer and Cam MPhil offer!!'
date: 2024-04-14
permalink: /posts/2024/04/bp6
tags:
  - Great news
  - AstraZeneca
  - University of Cambridge
  
---

AstraZeneca computational chemistry intern offer plus University of Cambridge MPhil in Pharmacology offer both received in the same week!!

I am moving to Cambridge in two months!
------

Incredible luck to have received the offer to join AstraZeneca (AZ) for a summer internship in computational chemistry in Cambridge this summer! It will be my first gateway to learn some comp chem in a drug discovery/ industrial setting, and to finally do some computational chemistry (rather than computational structural biology). Massive opportunity. Not to mention the AZ Cambridge site is soooo cool ([link](https://www.astrazeneca.com/media-centre/press-releases/2021/astrazeneca-unveils-the-discovery-centre-disc-in-cambridge.html#))! I am so excited already (The intern is two months away, what?)


University of Cambridge MPhil in Pharmacology offer!
------
Multi-disciplinary means loads of interest! I am switching field again from Medicinal Chemistry to Structural Biology to now Pharmacology! 

New place, new subject, new people, and college life! It will be a good year I am already excited! 

It's actually a very good opportunity! Both academically and in general. The project is really interesting and the techniques used are complementary to my current skill-sets in MD. The lab also seems very nice! The 1-year MPhil will also be a good opportunity for me to explore college life/ uni life, which I didn't get to experience in my Yr1/2 due to covid and other reasons. I promise I will make the most out of it during the MPhil - It will be a fantastic year I can already tell !! (I am actually sooo excited!!)

I am feeling young again! Nice