---
title: 'Collections of random essays 2'
date: 2024-04-03
permalink: /posts/2024/04/bp4
tags:
  - Random thoughts
  - Reflection
  - essays
---

Collections of random essays

Don't panic don't panic don't panic
------

I have a new motto recently, which is "don't panic don't panic don't panic" (say it out loud and fast for many time), it usually work likes magic and reminded me not to panic and focus on the solution instead. It is low-key really effective - now that I think of it it might be due to the System I and System II thinking mode in that thick book called Thinking fast and slow. Essentially by saying the motto out loud I have reminded myself to use my logical brain instead of my emotional brain to think.

PS I am currently working from home for the year. If you plant a microphone in my home you would hear constant "fuck", "Ah man", "Now What", "Don't panic Don't panic", "GrAaT", "OKayyy" (prob learnt from setsuko TFT)


Habits
------

I don't think I need to stress the importance of (good) habit. One thing I think it would be useful to point out is it's just as important you don't beat yourself up when you have a bad day when you e.g. break the habit. We all have bad day, it's important to not let that bad day ruin the long-term habit and to be fair in the grand scheme of thing that one bad day don't mean much anyways. How we deal with the emotional part of it and how we pick ourself up again the next day is the most important thing in maintaining a habit.

My current habits include caffeine addiction, daily reading in the morning, good educational/ information youtube videos in the morning. I am also trying to read a bit before sleep but it's very hard especially after a long day of work etc.

PS I have two youtube accounts, one is full of good quality educational-like subscriptions for the morning, the other one is full of entertaining subscriptions etc for the evening. I actually think I am quite smart in doing it this way no joke.

Story
------

I am usually fascinated by stories - I used to imagine me leaving my body and wander outside while I am trying to sleep (it actually helps me sleep). But nowadays I think I worry too much and not dreaming enough.

People, history, city, alley, a cocktail, photograph. Isn't that fascinating?

What's your story gonna be?



